ramp bill pay now Imports bills directly
from your accounting system so you can
keep creating bills exactly as you do
today while unlocking more ways to pay
with greater efficiency here we are
looking at our open bills in Sage these
are bills that have already been created
and approved in ramp under Bill Pay
settings we can go ahead and enable Bill
importing once enabled these bills sync
automatically into ramp no manual
uploads or extra steps needed imported
bills land in the for payment tab ready
to be scheduled and as new bills are
created will automatically bring them in
too so nothing gets
missed imported bills include all key
details like vendor amount and invoice
number you can also easily navigate to
your accounting system to reference the
original
bill with ramp you have multiple ways to
pay a check wire or card ramp even Flags
opportunities to pay by card helping you
maximize cash back whenever
possible now let's prepare our payment
here we can see ramp has batch payments
going to the same vendor we're also able
to schedule when we want our payments to
go out let's go ahead and schedule these
payments for
today and just like that our imported
bills are set for pay
payment once bills are paid in ramp
they're automatically updated in your
accounting system keeping everything in
sync without the extra work whether you
need a complete accounts payable
solution or just a better way to pay
ramp gives you the flexibility to manage
payments more efficiently